item.Emerald_Pickaxe.name=Emerald Pickaxe
item.Emerald_Axe.name=Emerald Axe
item.Amethyst.name=Amethyst
item.Ruby.name=Ruby
item.Amethyst_Axe.name=Amethyst Axe
item.Amethyst_Sword.name=Amethyst Sword
item.Amethyst_Shovel.name=Amethyst Shovel
item.Aluminum_Ingot.name=Aluminum Ingot
item.Critter_Creeper.name=Critter Cage: Creeper
item.Critter_Cage.name=Critter Cage: Empty
item.BLT.name=BLT
item.Corn.name=Corn
itemGroup.Chaos_Awakens:Tools.name=Chaos Awakens:Tools
item.Amethyst_Helmet.name=Amethyst Helmet
item.Amethyst_Chestplate.name=Amethyst Chestplate
item.Amethyst_Leggings.name=Amethyst Leggings
item.Amethyst_Boots.name=Amethyst Boots
item.Titanium_Nugget.name=Titanium Nugget
item.Titanium_Ingot.name=Titanium Ingot
item.Uranium_Nugget.name=Uranium Nugget
item.Uranium_Ingot.name=Uranium Ingot
item.Ultimate_Helmet.name=Ultimate Helmet
item.Ultimate_Chestplate.name=Ultimate Chestplate
item.Ultimate_Leggings.name=Ultimate Leggings
item.Ultimate_Boots.name=Ultimate Boots
item.Amethyst_Pickaxe.name=Amethyst Pickaxe
item.Amethyst_Hoe.name=Amethyst Hoe
item.Royal_Helmet.name=Royal Guardian Helmet
item.Royal_Chestplate.name=Royal Guardian Chestplate
item.Royal_Leggings.name=Royal Guardian Leggings
item.Royal_Boots.name=Royal Guardian Boots
item.Queen_Helmet.name=Queen Scale Helmet
item.Queen_Chestplate.name=Queen Scale Chestplate
item.Queen_Leggings.name=Queen Scale Leggings
item.Queen_Boots.name=Queen Scale Boots
item.Queen_Scale.name=Queen Scale
item.Apple_Seeds.name=Apple Seeds
item.Bacon.name=Bacon
item.Cooked_Bacon.name=Cooked Bacon